build: manage versions and publish latest-rc (#361)
scolladon/sfdx-git-delta: PUBLISHING.md

- Push this tag to the remote
- Trigger the new version publish

You can use the "Release latest-rc" manual github action to publish the last commit on main as the `latest-rc` version

## Update tag version

```sh
$ yarn npm tag add sfdx-git-delta@<version-source> <version-target> 
```

It will set the version-source release channel to the version-target.

> Per example if you need to rollback `latest` to `v5.0.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rollback**: 
Use this command only if something is wrong with the current `latest` version, and you need to roll it back to a previous version (to `v5.0.0` in this example).
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: I would maybe put this scenario at the bottom of this **Update tag version** chapter, as this command is not needed as part of the "happy flow".

```sh
$ yarn npm tag add sfdx-git-delta@v5.0.0 latest
```

> Per example if you want `latest` to be `latest-rc`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update `latest` to be `latest-rc`:**
This will update the SGD version most users get. The `latest` version is the one installed by default with the `sfdx plugins:install sfdx-git-delta` command.
```

```sh
$ yarn npm tag add sfdx-git-delta@latest-rc latest
```

> Per example if you want `stable` to be `latest`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Update `stable` to be `latest`:**
To be performed once the current `latest` version is considered stable enough.
```
